Scalr datadog integration (#1605)
DataDog/integrations-extras: scalr/README.md

# Scalr Integration

## Overview

> This integration collects metrics from Scalr.

Reviewer: Could you provide more insight on what this integration does and the value of the integration?

Reviewer: For example: 

1. What does scalr do in 1-2 sentences?
2. What will customers get from this integration 
3. What types of metrics?

## Setup
The Scalr integration is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you need to install it.

### Installation

> For Agent v7.21+ / v6.21+, follow the instructions below to install the Scalr integration on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Agent.

Reviewer 2: Is there a more concrete version support that we can define here besides "6.21 and later, 7.21 and later", like just "v6.21 and later"?

```suggestion
For the Datadog Agent v7.21 or v6.21 and later, follow these instructions to install the Scalr integration on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install it with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Datadog Agent.
```

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

   ```shell

>    datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-scalr==<INTEGRATION_VERSION>

Reviewer: The command needs to include the integration version. Can you replace <INTEGRATION_VERSION> with the integration version?

   ```

> 2. Configure your integration similar to Agent-based [integrations][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Configure your integration similar to an Agent-based [integration][4].
```

> 2. Configure your integration similar to core [integrations][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure your integration similar to Agent-based [integrations][4].
```

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `scalr.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][7] to start collecting your Scalr [metrics](#metrics). See the [sample syncthing.d/conf.yaml][8] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `scalr.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][7] to start collecting your [Scalr metrics](#metrics). See the [sample syncthing.d/conf.yaml][8] for all available configuration options.
```

> 2. [Restart the Agent][9]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. [Restart the Agent][9].
```

### Validation

Run the [Agent's status subcommand][10] and look for `scalr` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> See [metadata.csv][11] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

Reviewer 2: This is just a formatting thing (check is fine but to generate the table, we need to use integration).

```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][11] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

### Service Checks

See [service_checks.json][13] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

### Events

> Scalr sends run execution results as an event to your [Datadog Event Stream][17]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scalr sends run execution results as an event to the [Events Explorer][17].
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][5] or [Scalr support][15]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][5] or [Scalr support][15].
```

## Further Reading

- [Scalr customer documentation][16]
- [Scalr Datadog integration documentation][14]

[1]: https://scalr.io
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-configuration-files/#agent-configuration-directory
[8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/datadog_checks/scalr/data/conf.yaml.example
[9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#service-status
[11]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/metadata.csv
[13]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/assets/service_checks.json
[14]: https://docs.scalr.com/en/latest/integrations.html#datadog
[15]: https://scalr-labs.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/31
[16]: https://docs.scalr.com

> [17]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[17]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/explorer/
```

# Scalr Integration

## Overview

> Scalr Datadog [integration][18] streams Terraform run execution [event][19] details as well as metrics, like runs queue and workspace count, to Datadog for in depth analysis and reporting. Having this information in Datadog allows to correlate infrastructure changes (deployments) with other events and metrics within your organization in one place as well as track trends within your terraform pipeline. Metrics include information about number of environments, workspaces, runs, and state of the queue, and many others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalr is a terraform cloud alternative that provides you with the controls, visibility, and flexibility to decentralize your terraform operations in one place. 

The Scalr [integration][18] sends Terraform run execution [event][19] details and metrics for in-depth analysis and reporting such as queue runs, queue state, the number of environments, and workspace count. These metrics are visualized in their out-of-the-box dashboard to help correlate deployments with other infrastructure changes and to track trends within your Terraform pipeline.
```

# Scalr Integration

## Overview

Scalr Datadog [integration][18] streams Terraform run execution [event][19] details as well as metrics, like runs queue and workspace count, to Datadog for in depth analysis and reporting.

> Metrics include information about number of environments, workspaces, runs, and state of the queue, and many others.

Reviewer 3: Done.

# Scalr Integration

## Overview

Scalr is a terraform cloud alternative that provides you with the controls, visibility, and flexibility to decentralize your terraform operations in one place.

> The Scalr [integration][18] sends Terraform run execution [event][19] details and metrics for in-depth analysis and reporting such as queue runs, queue state, the number of environments, and workspace count. These metrics are visualized in their out-of-the-box dashboard to help correlate deployments with other infrastructure changes and to track trends within your Terraform pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalr [integration][15] sends Terraform run execution [event][16] details and metrics for in-depth analysis and reporting such as queue runs, queue state, the number of environments, and workspace count. These metrics are visualized in their out-of-the-box dashboard to help correlate deployments with other infrastructure changes and to track trends within your Terraform pipeline.
```

## Setup

> The Scalr integration is not included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you need to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalr integration is not included in the [Datadog Agent][1] package, so you need to install it.
```

### Installation

> For the Datadog Agent v7.21 or v6.21 and later, follow these instructions to install the Scalr integration on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][3] to install it with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Datadog Agent v7.21 or v6.21 and later, follow these instructions to install the Scalr integration on your host. See [Use Community Integrations][2] to install it with the Docker Agent or earlier versions of the Datadog Agent.
```

1. Run the following command to install the Agent integration:

   ```shell
   datadog-agent integration install -t datadog-scalr==1.0.0
   ```

> 2. Configure your integration similar to an Agent-based [integration][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Configure your integration similar to an Agent-based [integration][3].
```

### Configuration

> 1. Edit the `scalr.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][7] to start collecting your [Scalr metrics](#metrics). See the [sample scalr.d/conf.yaml][8] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `scalr.d/conf.yaml` file in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][5] to start collecting your [Scalr metrics](#metrics). See the [sample scalr.d/conf.yaml][6] for all available configuration options.
```

> 2. [Restart the Agent][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Restart the Agent][7].
```

### Validation

Run the [Agent's status subcommand][10] and look for `scalr` under the Checks section.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

> See [metadata.csv][11] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][9] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

### Service Checks

> See [service_checks.json][13] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [service_checks.json][10] for a list of service checks provided by this integration.
```

### Events

> Scalr sends run execution results as an event to the [Events Explorer][17].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalr sends run execution results as an event to the [Events Explorer][14].
```

## Troubleshooting

> Need help? Contact [Datadog support][5] or [Scalr support][15].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Datadog support][4] or [Scalr support][12].
```

## Further Reading

> - [Scalr customer documentation][16]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Scalr customer documentation][13]
```

> - [Scalr Datadog integration documentation][14]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Scalr Datadog integration documentation][11]
```

> [1]: https://scalr.io

Reviewer 3: Fixed.

> [1]: https://scalr.io
> [2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
> [3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/
> [4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/
> [5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
> [6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-configuration-files/#agent-configuration-directory
> [8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/datadog_checks/scalr/data/conf.yaml.example
> [9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
> [10]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#service-status
> [11]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/metadata.csv
> [13]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/assets/service_checks.json
> [14]: https://docs.scalr.com/en/latest/integrations.html#datadog
> [15]: https://scalr-labs.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/31
> [16]: https://docs.scalr.com
> [17]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/explorer/
> [18]: https://docs.scalr.com/en/latest/integrations.html
> [19]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/use-community-integrations/
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-configuration-files/#agent-configuration-directory
[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/datadog_checks/scalr/data/conf.yaml.example
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
[8]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#service-status
[9]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/metadata.csv
[10]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/scalr/assets/service_checks.json
[11]: https://docs.scalr.com/en/latest/integrations.html#datadog
[12]: https://scalr-labs.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/31
[13]: https://docs.scalr.com
[14]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/explorer/
[15]: https://docs.scalr.com/en/latest/integrations.html
[16]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/events/
```
